Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us for the Expedition
16 Crew News Conference.
We'll begin with some brief introductions and then move on
to question and answer.
To my left is Commander Peggy Whitson, the first female to
lead a long-duration spaceflight.
Peggy is a native of Iowa and received a Bachelor of
Science degree in Biology and Chemistry from Iowa Wesleyan
College.
She went on to receive a doctorate in biochemistry from
Rice University in 1985.
Dr. Whitson served many roles at NASA in her capacity as a
scientist before being selected as an astronaut candidate
in 1996.
Her first spaceflight mission was as flight engineer on
Expedition 5 in 2002,
where she was named the first NASA science officer during
her stay and conducted 21 science investigations.
She accumulated more than 184 days in space during that
mission and completed her first spacewalk.
On her next mission, Dr. Whitson will conduct three space
walks, one during STS-120 with Yuri Malenchenko
and two more with Dan Taney during the increment operations
. Peggy?
I'm really pleased today to get the opportunity to
introduce my crew.
The Expedition 16 crew consists first off of Yuri Ivanovich
Malenchenko.
He is a graduate of a university in Moscow and as a pilot
engineer.
And later he received an engineering degree as well on top
of that.
He has more total flight time than any of the rest of us at
this table, some total.
So he's our most experienced cosmonaut.
He flew on three missions.
He was selected to the cosmonaut corps in 1986, I believe,
and flew on three different missions.
One on the Mir space station for approximately a four-month
mission.
And then one short-duration mission on the early shuttle
flight for the International Space Station.
And then later as the commander of the Expedition 7 crew.
So we're really honored to have Yuri with us.
He is also going to be our Soyuz commander as well.
So he will be with us the entire six-month duration.
The third member of our Expedition 16 crew is going to
depend on which shuttle is there.
We're doing a lot of different assembly operations.
And each shuttle is going to be bringing up another crew
member for us that will represent the third person.
The first actually is Clay Anderson, who is already on
orbit right now.
Clay graduated from the University of Iowa with an aeronaut
ical engineering degree and came to NASA and worked here for
several years before being selected in the class of 1998.
So he obviously has several months of experience before we
get there, Yuri and I get there in October.
Dan will be arriving with the STS-120 shuttle.
And he has a background in biomechanical engineering.
He graduated with a bachelor and a master's degree from MIT
and worked initially for Hughes and later for Orbital
Sciences before he was selected.
