It was fire that separated man from the animals.
Fire that gave him warmth to overcome the cold.
Light to pierce the darkness.
And in 1969, it was the controlled use of fire that enabled
man to make his first landing on the moon.
And it was fire that civilized man.
For fire not only made food more tasteful and plant life
digestible,
but far more important, smoked and preserved it.
Now man no longer had to gorge himself as soon as he made a
fresh kill.
Now he could sustain himself between kills.
And he could in time be more than a hunter.
He could become a farmer, an artist, a writer, a member of
a cultured society.
Fire elevated man from the animals and the art of cooking
made him civilized.
Yet for the past 40,000 years of human history, methods of
cooking have remained the same.
But now at last in the age of space, and in fact, as part
of the fallout from our great technological efforts,
there are new ways of preparing foods.
Freezing to preserve them and cooking without the
application of heat.
To see how primitive man prepared his food, we need only
travel to the jungles of New Guinea, where the Stone Age
still survives.
Here, the simplest way of preparing food is to take a fresh
kill and dump it in the fire.
But by far the best method of primitive cooking is to dig a
pit, line it with greenery, and fill it with raw meat and
plenty of hot stones.
This is the same method as in the New England Clambake, the
Western Barbecue, and the Hawaiian Lua.
Finally, the raw meat and hot rocks are sealed with palm fr
onds and patience, for it will be hours before this banquet
will be ready.
It also took a long time, about 4,000 years, from the end
of the Stone Age to the rise of ancient Rome.
Yet this Roman baker, whose portrait and that of his wife
is preserved on the walls of his Pompeian bakery,
though he had learned to raise his oven above the ground
and build it of bricks,
still baked very much like Stone Age man,
applying a great deal of heat and time to achieve this loaf
of bread, which is now 2,000 years old.
17 centuries after the death of the Roman baker,
Thomas Jefferson, in writing the Declaration of
Independence,
articulated one of man's great political ideas, freedom.
Jefferson was a universal genius,
whose design of the University of Virginia and his own
house, Monticello,
reflected his love of classical design and gracious living.
Jefferson was the first American gourmet.
It was Jefferson who introduced spaghetti into the American
diet,
as well as such foods as French fries, asparagus, ice cream
, and vanilla flavor.
Some of the finest meals ever served in America were
prepared in Jefferson's kitchen.
Yet though Jefferson's political ideas were a tremendous
advance over the ancient Romans,
his food preparation methods were virtually the same,
involving the same huge applications of labor, heat, and
time,
with the same inevitable shrinkage and drying out of food.
Even the arrival of the Iron Horse and the Industrial
Revolution
did not substantially change methods of food preparation,
as can be seen.
