# Visible DOM text snapshot

Source file: capcut-ai-music.dom.txt

Find the Best AI Music Software: Make Viral-worthy Content in Seconds
Products
CapCut Desktop
Powerful editing tool
CapCut Online
Online video editor
CapCut Pad
Edit anywhere, anytime
CapCut Mobile
Unlimited templates
Dreamina AI
Image & video maker
Pippit AI
Smart creative agent
Hypic
AI photo editor
Features
AI creation
AI Design
Video Studio
AI video generator
AI image generator
AI image enhancer
Dreamina Seedance 2.5
Nano Banana Pro
Gemini Omni
Text & Audio
Auto captions
Caption templates
Speech recognition
Text to speech
Custom voices
Enhance voice
Reduce noise
Image
Remove image BG
Image merge
Image Enhancer
Resize Image
Online Photo Editor
Meme Generator
AI Text Remover
AI People Remover
AI Inpainting
Face Cutout
Video
Remove video BG
Enhance quality
Video Editor
Trim Video
Add Subtitles To Video
Video Converter
Seedream 5.0
Blog
AI tools
Video editor & generator
Image editor & generator
Voice generator & editor
More
Use cases
Social media
Marketing
Lifestyle & Vlogs
Custom design
Resources
How-to guides
Market Trends
Top Picks
Template trends & tips
Templates
Social media templates
Holiday templates
Calendar templates
Anniversary templates
Effects templates
Business templates
Industry templates
Recap templates
Discover
About
Community
Initiatives
Affiliates
Pioneer Program
Creative Partner Program
CapCut Creative Campus
Help
Trust Center
Help Center
Newsroom
About CapCut's Terms of Service
Dreamina Seedance 2.0 Launch
Try online
Download
Home
Editing Tips
AI Music Software: Create AI Music and Expand Your Reach Strategically
Transform your music creation with our cutting-edge AI music software. Compose, edit, and produce tracks effortlessly. Next, elevate your sound with engaging videos.
Download for free
*No credit card required
CapCut
Jun 17, 2025
Tired of replaying tons of audio to choose the matching one for your podcast? AI music software is here to solve your problem! Generate your favorite songs for branding materials with different styles or power your audio with voice enhancement tools. An AI music assistant makes your dream come true. Figure out these magical tools for viral-worthy content!
Table of content
How have AI music production tools reshaped the industry
5 best AI music software for PC to revolutionize your creative process
Beyond AI music production tools: Pair your AI music with pop video
Conclusion
FAQs
Have you ever dreamed of composing a piece of music for your brand introduction video in one click? AI tools for music production make this possible. Powered by top-notch generative AI, AI music software streamlines your music production by generating sound effects, composing music, or even performing your audio. Here are more benefits of it:
Create unique soundtracks:
Compose or produce unique AI-generated soundtracks within minutes. This saves time for busy music producers or vloggers who want to add a personal touch to their clips.
Personalization:
Some AI music platforms learn your habits, producing recommended tracklists that fit your preferences.
Increase music interactivity:
Enjoy interactively making music, such as listening to music in a virtual reality environment or creating a music gallery.
What are the best AI music production tools for PCs? Discover some of the best options to maximize your video impact with music making AI software:
1. AIVA
AIVA is your all-inclusive personal assistant for generating music. This best AI music maker turns your ideas into appealing pieces of music in seconds. More than 250 different music styles are waiting for you.
Key features
AI power to generate songs in seconds
Customization features
Free-copyright music
Pros
Diverse music styles and tracks for generation
Customization available for personal touch
Export your music with different file formats
Cons
Subscription fees for both individual and enterprise uses
Non-licensed music for use available for only premium accounts
2. Moises
Another AI music creation software that is worth your try is Moises. This AI-powered tool provides you with the best immersive music production experiences. Available on both mobile and computer devices, enjoy mixing your music with AI flexible with this advanced tool.
AI audio separation
Audio speed changer
AI key detection
Chord detection
An all-in-one tool for music separation and mixing
Accessible for different music players: drummers, singers, producers, etc.
Compatible with different platforms
Subscription fees for all AI-driven music tools for business
Complexity in use for beginners
3. iMyFone MusicAI
iMyFone MusicAI is powerful AI music production software for song covers. Designed with AI cover models and intuitive music-control features, this tool streamlines your music cover journey within minutes.
AI song cover generator
AI composition and music-enhancing
Text to song
Diverse genres and styles for music production
Easy-to-use and intuitive interface for generating music
Subscription fees for all music-producing feature access
Limited customization features for personalizing your music pieces
4. Beatoven.ai
Beatoven.ai is one of the best free AI tools for music production. This AI music software allows you to enjoy making royalty-free audio and background music. With one click, you can create mood-based music tracks to fit your content creation strategy.
Text to Music
Genre or emotion customization
Unique sample music for different real-life applications
Two simple ways to generate music from AI
Applicable for different working fields: podcast, education, or social media
Subscription fees or minute buying for accessing all AI-powered features
No music download for free version
5. WavTool
If you are looking for the best AI music tools, WavTool is also a recommended option. Enjoy making professional music with generative AI at this magical editor. Feel free to run this tool anywhere to create your unique and captivating music piece.
Conductor: A multi-modal chatbot for music production
Composer: get some inspiration for your music production
Audio generator
Stem separation
Diverse AI-driven tools for music composition and production
Interactive web interface
Pricing plans for all AI-driven features
Limited music exporting options for free versions
Want to enhance your audience's listening experience and increase your music's widespread reach? Consider turning your solo piece of audio into music videos, lyrical clips, or video visualizers. With this video content, you can attract a broader customer base on social channels like YouTube or TikTok.
is an all-in-one creative hub with easy-to-use features. It can be a music video maker to turn your solo music into attractive social-ready music clips. With advanced AI-generated features, adding music video lyrics or enhancing your sound quality is possible. Whether you are a music maker, artist, or social media creator, CapCut's AI-advanced music video-making tools help you craft viral-worthy and trendy music videos in one click.
AI writer for turning your idea into script to enrich your music video:
Optimize AI writer for one-click video script generation to enrich storytelling parts in your music video. This feature helps social creators or video makers save time for script brainstorming.
AI script to video for tailored visual content in a specific music style:
Make transcript-based music videos in different fields, from Commercials to Gaming to Lifestyles. Adjust your videos with diverse voiceover options.
Auto lyrics and graphics overlay (AI captions, AI stickers...):
Create viral-worthy lyrical videos on YouTube or TikTok with auto lyrics for up to 20 languages. Generate AI stickers with inspirational samples and various styles for unique video visualization.
Vocal isolation & enhanced voice for advanced audio editing:
Separate vocals from audio in one click or enhance your voiceover with customized intensity. This is ideal for musicians, vlog makers, or podcasters who want to repurpose their music video content.
Voice changer & speech to the song to unleash your artistic creativity:
Adjust your video music with special voice filters, characters, and speech to the song (R&B, Jazz, Hip-hop, etc.).
Seamless integration with music libraries:
Freely upload your music and use tons of music audios in Vlog, Rock, Healing, etc. categories or hot and trending sound effects.
Ready to level up your marketing, education, or presentation videos?
How do you turn your AI-generated music into videos that will go viral
Ready to combine your DIY music from the best AI music production tools below into your viral-worthy clips? Whether you want to use your DIY music as your video background music or turn it into a lyrical clip, CapCut desktop has you covered. But first, download the CapCut desktop using the link below the button. Follow the hassle-free guide to create your viral music videos in seconds:
STEP
1
Import your video and music
Click "Create project" at the main interface of the CapCut desktop. Click "Import" to upload your AI-generated music from your local device for editing. CapCut desktop allows you to upload all audio, videos, and images. You can also optimize CapCut's audio library for editing or use materials from your CapCut online space.
2
Enhance the sound and elevate the visual appearance
Now, you can adjust your music with AI enhancement and structuring tools. Click on your audio and choose the "Basic" tab. Navigate down and click "Enhance voice" to automatically remove echoes or unwanted noise from your audio. You can also adjust the voice enhancement intensity level by yourself. Explore other audio editing features in "the Voice changer" or "Speed" tabs to level up your audio, including adding a new voice filter, speech to a song, or adjusting audio speed.
Once satisfied with your audio, enrich your music video visuals with AI-powered features or massive collections of stickers, filters, transitions, or effects. Apply AI effects to your clip for an attractive and captivating video. Click "AI stylize" in the right editing panel and select "AI effects. Describe your prompt for customization, or choose the "Random" button to auto-generate your prompt. You can also get some inspiration for AI artistic works at "Showcase." Make everything perfect, and choose "Generate" to craft your music video with AI effects.
3
Export and share
Click the "Export" button to download your clip to your local storage. Customize your video exporting options by renaming your video, choosing your location, and editing videos' exporting aspects like resolution, frame rate, bit rate, quality, or formats. More importantly, adjust your audio formats with MP3, WAV, AAC, and PLAC options. Don't forget to check your video copyright for no problem in social sharing. Once exported, select to share your music video directly to YouTube or TikTok.
AI music software is a powerful supporter that helps you compose, produce, and edit audio within minutes. If you want to increase your audience listening experiences or make viral-worthy content from your AI-generated audio, pick a video editing software to power you.
CapCut desktop video editor is your best choice for turning your AI-generated audio into viral clips. Power your creative production with AI-advanced features for one-click script generation, voice enhancement, and free audio stock. Make captivating music videos with ease on your CapCut desktop today!
Are there any best AI tools for music production?
Are you looking for the best AI music composer software? AIVA, Moises, and WavTool are the choices for you. How about a video editor where you can integrate your audio for captivating videos? CapCut Desktop has you covered. Enjoy enhancing your voice with AI, creating auto lyrical videos, or changing your voice filters. All are possible with CapCut's AI-powered music maker.
What is the best AI music extractor?
The answer may vary depending on your music demands. However, if you are looking for an all-inclusive tool for music video production, the CapCut desktop is the right choice. Craft viral-worthy videos with AI-generated audio in one click. It's an all-in-one space for music video makers, podcasters, or social content creators.
What software turns your voice into music?
CapCut's AI-advanced speech-to-song makes your dream come true. Turn your voiceover into different song types: R&B, Jazz, or Rock. Further enhance your video with audio editing features, like changing your video speed, adding auto lyrics, or changing voice filters. All are available.
Hot and trending
AI Features
AI dialogue scene
AI Voice Generator
Auto Caption Generator
AI Art Generator
AI Logo Generator
Dreamina Seedance 2.0
Image & Video
Remove Background
Transparent Background
Image Upscaler
Meme Maker
Convert Video To MP4
Transcribe Video To Text
Compress Video
Company
AI-Powered Video Editor for Everyone
English
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
License Agreement
Creator Terms of Service
Digital Services Act
Community Guidelines
Your Privacy Choices
Link Products:
Lark
Edit smarter, create faster
Easy to use
Try online for free
